config: close old sockets after replacing socket (#10198)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-9535-close-listen-socket-after-replace.md

## bugfix/config

> * Fix a bug that when console.socket changes, tarantool listens on the new socket,
>   but keeps listening on the previous socket (gh-9535).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug that causes Tarantool to continue listening on the previous socket
  even after `console.socket` has changed (gh-9535).
```
